MOLLY:
Hey, Riggs.
You want to get
out of this town?
RIGGS:
You got a truck, Molly?
MOLLY (laughing):
No, I mean, when we're older.
RIGGS:
I guess.
Sometimes I dream of being
president or an astronaut.
Be the first one
to Mars.
♪ Drag your shadow down... ♪
What about you?
I don't know.
Well, come on.
I told you mine.
I'd just like to have a family.
You know, a house.
And a truck.
And a kid I could take
to Little League.
♪ Waiting on another rain... ♪
What?
I mean,
you could dream of anything.
And that's all you want?
Feels like Mars to me.
♪ And I'm going down... ♪
Well, hey, I‐I kn‐‐ I know
it seems impossible right now,
but it doesn't have to be.
♪ Talking sweet to me... ♪
ADULT RIGGS:
Why the long face?
MOLLY: He's not exactly fired up
about his first game.
Hey!
What's up, big man?
I don't know.
I look silly.
What do you mean, you
look silly? Stand up,
let's have a look.
Well, first of all, you got
to get that shirt tucked in.
All right? And, come on,
we got to get these pants up,
so you can see
these cool stripes.
See, now you're looking
like a baseball player.
Look at that. All right,
what's the glove situation?
A new glove? What...?
All right, hold on, hold on.
Here we go.
MOLLY:
Riggs...
Just hold on.
Olive oil?
It's good for the leather.
I cook with that.
Whoa.
(laughs softly)
Apparently,
this is good.
Just let him do it.
That may be... may be flammable.
It's just dried out meat.
Okay.
Okay, here we go.
All right.
(whistling)
All right, try that.
(sniffs)
Smells like pasta.
Would you just,
just... wear it out.
MOLLY:
Whoa.
Better?
Yeah. Thanks, Riggs.
All right.
Uh, my methods may be
unconventional, but they work.
(laughing):
Okay.
Well, thank you.
Means a lot,
you being here and all.
Ben hasn't had a father figure
in a while, you know? So...
Well, you might want
to find him one of those.
It's really important
for a young boy to, you know,
have a father figure
in his life.
Mm‐hmm. Well, no, Martin.
You're what he needs.
(car horn honking in distance)
("I Got You" by Bebe Rexha
playing)
♪ We can get high,
oh, nah, nah, nah ♪
♪ We can get low,
♪ Let me be your friend ♪
♪ Baby, let me in,
tell you no lies... ♪
Aw... aw...
Yeah!
(whoops)
That's right.
♪ Let me be your friend,
baby, let me in ♪
Yeah, Jesse.
Yeah‐eah‐eah.
♪ Oh, nah, nah, nah... ♪
You like my brother, don't you?
What?
Uh, no, no, I was just...
I was looking at, um...
My brother?
Yeah. Oh, sorry?
It's fine.
I mean, a little weird,
'cause he's a total dweeb.
But he's totally looking, too.
(laughs)
So busted.
(Riana laughs)
Can we change the subject?
This is so cute.
Oh, thanks.
You want to try it on?
Yeah, can I?
Yeah, it's vintage.
My dad is, so...
(both laugh)
This is to die.
How do I look?
Really cute. Yeah.
Cute?
(Tyler whistles)
Right.
♪ Oh, nah, nah, nah... ♪
I have got to go.
I'll call you later.
See you.
Hey!
♪ Oh, nah, nah, nah ♪
♪ 'Cause I got you... ♪
Oh, my jacket.
♪ You... ♪
(engine starts)
Phoebe!
(engine roaring)
My jacket!
(whoops)
♪ You ♪
♪ I got you, I got you ♪
♪ I got. ♪
(dog barking in distance)
PHOEBE:
Okay, where are we?
Are you sure no one's home?
(laughs)
TYLER:
Don't worry, I know the owner.
He's out of town.
You're so crazy.
♪ ♪
(whistles)
♪ My home ♪
♪ Is a girl with eyes ♪
♪ Like wishing wells... ♪
Another one, another one!
♪ But I'm still lone... ♪
Keep pillaging,
I will be right back.
(whoops)
♪ When I was young ♪
♪ Always go ♪
♪ Below the midnight sun ♪
♪ Those days are done ♪
♪ But I'm ♪
♪ Still glowing ♪
♪ Ooh, la, la, la, la, la ♪
♪ Let's live in the moment ♪
♪ Come back Sunday morning ♪
♪ With that soul to sell,
when you're gone ♪
Holy...
♪ Good‐bye ♪
♪ So long, farewell... ♪
(gasps)
TYLER:
Hey, Phoebs, get out here!
Coming.
♪ Ooh, la, la, la, la, la ♪
♪ Let's live in the moment ♪
♪ Come back Sunday morning... ♪
This party just got
a lot better.
Yes, it did.
You got your bathing suit?
No.
Is that gonna be a problem?
♪ Ooh, la, la, la, la, la ♪
♪ Let's live in the moment ♪
RANDY:
Hey, who's out there?!
I thought you said
no one was home.
Go.
Now. I'll be right behind you.
RANDY: What the hell
are you doing here, Tyler?
TYLER:
Yo, Randy, look, man,
I can explain everything,
all right?
MURTAUGH:
Hold it right there.
(sighs)
Really, guys? It's 11:00.
It's 11:10.
Do you know how many
crimes can be committed
in ten minutes or less?
Oh, I'm a criminal now.
Awesome.
What your father
is saying is,
if you were running late,
you should've called.
Where were you?
Hanging out with Phoebe.
Who's Phoebe?
A friend.
That's nice.
When do we get to meet her?
And where is my jacket?
Phoebe has it.
Do you have any idea what I
had to do to earn that jacket?
They don't just give
those away.
My senior year, last game,
I caught the pick six
that won the game.
Well, Grandpa said
that you stepped out of bounds.
He's senile, and I could
never please that man.
Look, if you're gonna ground me,
can you just ground me?
Okay.
You're grounded.
And you know what?
You keep this up,
I'll go old school on you.
That means bed and no dinner.
Okay, Roger, please.
And where are you going?
Riana...
Where is she going?
We are going to talk
about this later.
(door closes)
You're just gonna
let her go.
Honey, let's...
let's just save the third degree
for when it's something serious.
All right?
Like 11 minutes?
No, honey, if we pounce on
every little infraction,
she will start hiding things.
Just like this new friend.
Look, I pounce because I don't
want the smaller infractions
to become bigger ones.
And her friend stole
my jacket.
Oh, my gosh.
It's a family heirloom.
What if, what‐what if
I wanted to wear it again?
Stop playing.
What‐‐ I'm serious.
Honey, you think you
could still fit it?
You know you can't
fit that jacket.
(laughs)
What‐‐ I‐I'm retaining
water right now,
but I could...
That's funny?
(siren wailing in distance)
RIGGS: You should've seen
Ben's face, Rog.
I mean, he had that
look, you know?
Could be the next
José Altuve, man.
Huh, you enjoy it now,
before he turns 16
and turns into
a juvenile delinquent.
RIGGS:
Rog, Riana is not
a juvenile delinquent
just because she lost
your letterman jacket.
You need to relax.
Scorsese, what do we got here?
SCORSESE: Gunshot wound,
back of the head.
Randolph Donabedian,
homeowner.
Just got him out of the pool,
obviously.
Signs of forced entry
inside the house.
Sounds like a B and E
gone wrong.
They get anything good?
Just some prescription
and booze.
I did a walk‐through
with the housekeeper,
which is when I found this.
Our victim ran
an optometry shop in the Valley.
This is
his business ledger.
Thought it might be
worth looking into.
Eh, give it to Bailey.
Mm, give it to Bailey.
Bailey's on vacation. Yeah.
Wha...?
Her first in two years.
Who approved that?
I don't know, but it's the most
selfish thing I've heard
all day.
So selfish.
Well, I guess I could do it.
You?
You think you can handle
Bailey work?
You can hardly handle
Bowman work.
Yeah, Bowman, when's the
last time you brought soup
to a crime scene?
Huh?
I can do it.
I can handle this.
When was the last time
he brought us soup?
I don't know.
I blame myself, Rog.
We just haven't
stayed on him enough.
You know,
that's my point exactly.
You let the smaller stuff slide,
and then...
Rog, how did we get
back to Riana?
We were having a nice
conversation about soup.
And now, here you go.
(grunts)
I'm just worried that...
that my baby girl
may be heading down a bad path.
(grunting):
Relax, Rog.
Riana's a good kid.
She makes good
grades,
you know?
She...
(Murtaugh gasps)
She's a murderer.
(whimpers)
Sorry.
♪ ♪
MURTAUGH:
You want to explain
how that ended up
at a crime scene?
I have no idea.
I told you, I let
Phoebe try it on...
And you're gonna stick
to that story.
Yes, because it's true.
TRISH:
Riana,
we need to know the truth.
You're not gonna get in trouble,
and we're not gonna punish you.
Speak for yourself.
Fine.
We were hanging out
at the bowling alley...
So, not the library.
So you did lie to us.
Well, I'm trying
to tell the truth now.
No, watch your tone.
Go on.
Phoebe's boyfriend showed up,
she got in his car,
and they left.
And that's how
a family heirloom wound up
in evidence?
Then, why are you touching it?
Shouldn't it be
in a bag or something?
The chlorine washed away
the evidence.
And you know what?
Don't tell me how to
do my investigation.
Roger.
Who is this boyfriend
she left with?
"Tyler," something?
I‐I don't really know him.
He's way older, like, 20,
and he drives this
old red convertible.
And you didn't go with them?
No, because I came home.
And I didn't want
to miss my curfew.
Well, apparently,
you didn't leave early enough.
Where's Phoebe now?
Probably back
at the bowling alley?
Which is where
I was headed, too, now.
And, lucky for you,
you have a police escort.
TRISH: And right after,
you're coming home.
You're grounded.
What?
I‐I thought you said
you wouldn't punish me.
I guess she lied, too.
Dad, please don't make
a scene.
You are in no position to
make demands, young lady.
Besides, this is my turf.
You know, I actually
bowled a 300...
We know.
RIGGS:
Rog...
why don't you let
me handle this?
RIANA:
Yeah, can Riggs do it?
He's way less embarrassing
than you.
And maybe you can
wait here as backup.
Hey.
Backup?
Mm‐hmm.
And‐and you want Riggs to...
Have you not listened
to a single story
I've told you about this man?
He actually finds a way
to embarrass me
every day.
Finds a way?
Yes.
You're implying that
I do this on purpose.
Riana, that is not the case.
He's the Sherlock Holmes
of embarrassment.
I would love
to step in for your father.
(phone vibrating)
Oh.
But I can't 'cause
I've gotta get a scouting
report‐‐ good luck.
Can you just leave out the part
where you're my dad?
(loudly):
Phoebe Clark.
Okay, kids,
why don't you go play
in the arcade?
(overlapping chatter)
Detective Murtaugh.
Riana's dad.
Nice one.
Hey, Phoebe.
So, you look smart enough
to know why I'm here, right?
Nope.
Not very convincing.
Is this about
your little jacket?
Listen, we know that you
and your boyfriend
broke into
Mr. Donabedian's house,
and now I'm here
to solve his murder.
Murder? No, no, no.
He was alive when I left...
Okay, a little more
convincing.
So, you said when you left.
What about your boyfriend?
I...
(grunts)
So, how'd my little slugger do?
Oh, he hated it.
I think he wants to quit.
What do you mean he hated it?
What happened?
I'm not sure. The coach
didn't even play him, so...
What are you talking about?
It's‐It's Little League.
Everybody gets to play
in Little League.
What's his coach's name?
Riggs, don't make it
a big thing.
Hey, let me call you back.
(overlapping chatter)
Hey, man, what the...?
Shut up, man,
that guy's a cop.
Hey, you must be
Phoebe's boyfriend.
Right? 'Cause this dude was
dead in a pool this morning,
so it can't be you.
(laughs)
♪ ♪
Just giving him a head start.
It was just for show, it...
Oh, his gun was just for show?
Look, I know Tyler's a little
rough around the edges, but
he wouldn't hurt a fly‐‐
he's not like that.
MURTAUGH: I bet.
And where is he now?
Um... I... don't know.
(chuckles)
(rock music playing)
♪ Got a love, got a love,
got a love ♪
♪ Man, I can't get enough... ♪
Hey!
Look, man, I just want
to talk to you.
♪ It's on... ♪
(groans)
See, now you're under arrest.
What are you doing,
pulling a gun on me?
What...?
♪ ♪
♪ Whoa‐oh‐oh ♪
♪ It's on, it's on ♪
♪ Whoa, whoa‐oh‐oh ♪
♪ It's on, it's on... ♪
Where are you going?
No!
RIGGS:
Hey.
Yo, please get me
out of here, man, please.
So, you ready to talk now?
Yes, yes, yes, yes, please,
I'll do whatever, man.
Just get me out of here.
Help me, man.
(whirring)
Help, help, get me
out of here, man!
Get me out of here!
Oh! Whoa, whoa, whoa!
(grunts)
Come on.
(grunting)
(photos snapping)
(overlapping chatter)
MURTAUGH: Out of the way.
Get out of the way. Hey.
What'd I say?
Way more embarrassing.
Way more.
I didn't steal anything.
Did Phoebe tell you that?
Your prints did.
You left 'em all over
the victim's house.
Man, you got it twisted.
We weren't trying to rob him;
w‐we just wanted
a place to rage,
blow off some steam.
Oh, is that what
the kids are doing today?
Drugs, B and E,
a little murderski?
I‐I didn't kill him, yo.
Randy wasn't even
supposed to be home.
He told me he was
going out of town.
Oh, so you knew
Mr. Donabedian?
I‐I used to bum cigs off him
during smoke breaks
outside his stepdad's
optometry shop,
by the movie theater
I work at.
Oh, so you're in the movie biz.
Well, let me set
the scene for you.
A guy gets picked up for
selling stolen drugs.
He's got a gun.
But wait, it's
the same caliber
as the murder weapon.
Now, all we need
for the scene...
(knock on door)
Right on cue.
Yo, yo.
He was alive when I left,
I promise.
I'm not lying here.
Ballistics didn't match up.
His gun is not
the murder weapon.
And you call yourself
a writer.
(siren wailing)
Hello.
I'm Detective Murtaugh.
You must be Phoebe's mom.
That's right.
Where is she?
Well, she's being
released now,
and her arraignment
for the B and E will be
in a few weeks.
Some nerve you have,
treating my daughter
like a criminal
after everything
your daughter's done.
My daughter?
What does she have
to do with this?
Ever since Phoebe started
hanging out with Riana,
it's one fiasco
after another.
Breaking curfew, house parties,
boys, marijuana...
Oh, no, no, no, no.
Not‐not Riana.
She doesn't smoke‐‐ I know
because I've tested her myself.
(scoffing):
Of course you did.
It's always the ones
with the overbearing parents
who act out.
Me? Overbearing?
Phoebe, would you mind
clearing up something
with your mother and I?
Mom.
Apparently, she's
under the impression...
I have a flight to catch,
and Phoebe has homework to do.
Just keep your daughter
away from mine.
Hey, Murtaugh,
you'll never believe it.
BOWMAN:
Randy's books were cooked.
Do you see the pattern?
Of course I see it.
What am I looking at?
Cash sales twice a month.
Look at the price.
$50K!
Either they have some
high‐end sunglasses, or...
Or they were using
the shop as a front
to hawk stolen goods.
Great work, Bowman.
Now, aren't you glad
we volunteered you
for this assignment?
Mm‐hmm‐hmm.
I told Riggs,
and he said he's gonna stop
by the stepfather's shop
on his way back.
Way back from where?
Not sure, but he wanted me to
get him a traffic citation pad.
LATIMER:
You got to be kidding me.
I wish I was, sir,
but parking violations are
a serious crime
in the city of Los Angeles.
Okay, so how much is
this gonna cost me?
I can't take your money, Coach.
Do I know you?
Look, I can overlook
this ticket... and the bribe
if you play Ben Hendricks
the next game.
Wait a minute.
So, you're extorting
me into starting a kid
in a Little League game?
I think he'd make
a great second baseman.
You know, Ben asked
me to sit him.
He didn't want to play.
What are you talking about?
He's a good kid,
but he sat in the dugout
the whole game.
I think it's because he
doesn't know how to play.
He can't hit,
throw, catch...
Well, you're his coach.
Why don't you teach him?
I don't have time to go through
the basics with every kid.
Look, if it matters
so much to you,
teach your son yourself.
He's not my son.
Not every kid's
an athlete.
Look, maybe he should
try something else.
Like painting.
I really wish
you hadn't said that.
You arrested
a Little League coach?
He tried to blame me for Ben
hating America's pastime.
Okay, what was I supposed to do?
Hear him out.
Not overreact. Be patient.
The cornerstones
of being a parent?
Oh, wait a minute,
you're gonna lecture me
on being a father today?
Really? Come on.
Riana knows she screwed up,
okay?
And she's grounded.
I bet she's up in her room
right now thinking about
what she did.
Oh, yeah, yeah.
You know,
maybe I should get
a statue, Rog,
because you are father
of the year, Roger Murtaugh.
I gotta let you go.
Thank you for
your time, sir.
Have a great day.
Stanley Wright?
Uh, LAPD.
Uh, I want to talk to
you about your stepson.
Right, right.
(clattering)
Look, I'm‐I'm sorry
for your loss.
MAN:
Where the hell is it, old man?
Nothing downstairs.
Just these old boxes.
So, I've just walked
in on a robbery.
(two gunshots nearby)
(woman screams)
(siren wailing)
(gunfire, tires screeching)
(car horn honks)
(automatic gunfire)
MAN:
This is the police.
We have you surrounded.
(helicopter blades whirring)
Come out with your hands up.
(automatic gunfire)
(siren wailing)
(gunfire)
(man shouts)
(grunting)
RIANA:
Riggs?
What are you doing here?
Riana?
I thought you were grounded.
(grunts)
Don't look at the glass.
No one's coming to save you.
Not till you answer
my questions.
Understand?
Yes, sir.
All right, tough guy...
how long have you been
canoodling with my daughter?
It was just our first date.
There was absolutely no...
Canoodling.
We just went
to see a movie.
Even though Riana
was grounded?
Well, w‐we thought it wouldn't
be a big deal to just...
Oh, yeah,
forget the rules, Jesse.
I bet you're gonna
tell me,
"It was all Riana's idea."
Uh...
Does my daughter smoke pot?
What about house parties?
You ever been to a sick rager
up at Riana's crib?
N‐No. Riana?
(chuckles)
No way, sir. I mean,
that sounds like
something my sister
Phoebe would do.
And then blame it on me.
Phoebe's your sister?
Yes, sir.
I mean,
my mom's kind of hard on her.
It's like she can't help
but act like a lunatic.
(laughs)
So‐so, uh,
Phoebe is the troublemaker.
And my Riana is innocent.
Yeah. I mean,
Riana's the best.
You can tell how much
she looks up to you, sir.
Hey. You know what? You're gonna
overplay your hand. Go on.
(door opens)
RIGGS: All right,
who's the smart one
that took off running
when he saw the badge?
His name is Nico Vicente.
Ex‐military guy.
Did business with my stepson.
Is that who killed him?
Nico thought Randy
was stealing from him.
Some shipment of diamonds
was missing from his house.
That's what they
were after at the shop.
You know where the shipment is?
No. I stayed away from all that.
You stayed out
of all that?
But you let him
run a black market
out the back
of your shop.
Look,
Randy was always
a very difficult kid.
Never had much in the way
of a role model.
His dad did a real number
on him before he took off.
And God forbid you be a man.
Right?
I tried!
God, what the hell did I know
about being a father?
NATHAN:
That little punk
struck you out all day,
and you shake hands with him
like he's your pal?
It was the end
of the game, Dad.
Soft, just like her.
0 for 4.
I don't even...
Damn, that's embarrassing.
I got dis‐distracted.
Distracted? What the hell
you distracted by?
You.
I saw you
by the fence,
watching.
You know what, son?
Maybe I didn't give you
a proper lesson.
You see, the key
to getting a hit...
is all about making contact.
It's all about form.
Hands bottom up, palm down.
Get it right!
You understand me?!
(grunting)
Dad! Dad!
(bat clatters)
Let me see.
Be still.
Soft, just like I said.
RIGGS:
Okay.
Let's just toss
it around, nice and easy, okay?
But I suck.
Hey. You don't suck.
Look, Babe Ruth didn't learn
how to catch a baseball
until he was 40,
all right?
And they named a candy bar
after him, so...
Is that true?
I don't know, maybe.
But you smiled, so...
All right,
here we go.
Watch the ball.
It's okay, it's okay.
Come on.
It's okay. Here you go.
Let the glove do the work.
Hey!
Yeah!
Nice job, buddy.
Now bring the heat.
Whoo!
Buddy!
Yeah!
Good job. You're a natural,
you know that?
Hey, Mom, check out Ben.
He's a natural.
Nice, buddy.
We need to talk.
What's that?
Did you...?
Okay, hold on. Pop fly.
Did you arrest Coach Latimer?
Ow!
(groans) Mom, Mom.
Hey. Are you okay?
You all right?
Hey, buddy,
hey, let me see.
Get your head back,
get your head back.
Come here.
Get your head back.
Ow.
Let's go.
You're gonna be
all right, man.
Ow. (whimpers)
(door opens and closes)
(soul music playing)
Hey, where's Ri?
I sent her to bed
without dinner.
Really?
Roger, no, but I did revoke
her phone privileges.
Are you starting to second‐guess
how we're handling this?
Roger, I don't want
to be the bad guy here.
Well, look, I'm starting
to think that
maybe we're too hard on her.
It's like you said, right?
We shouldn't sweat
the small stuff.
Oh, my gosh, Roger.
There is nothing small
about her friend being involved
in a homicide case.
Right, but Riana wasn't involved
in that. I talked to Jesse,
and he reassured me...
Jesse? (chuckles)
Really? The boy she was out on a
date with when she was grounded.
You talked to him?
He's actually a nice kid.
A little dorky.
Oh, gosh.
I don't know why
she always goes
for the dorky ones, but...
Look, can I at least
go see how she's doing?
Roger, no.
She lied to us twice.
Okay? We need to stick
together in this.
There's no good cop, bad cop.
I'm not being a good cop.
I just want to
talk to my daughter.
Your daughter?
Yeah. My daughter.
Hmm...
And you know what, if I want
to talk to my daughter,
that's what I'm gonna do.
Roger... Roger.
Where's your daughter?
♪ ♪
(siren wailing)
PHOEBE:
I cannot believe
this is your first time
sneaking out.
I know. My parents are going
to freak when they realize.
So just blame me.
That's what I would do.
(laughs) So what's
the big emergency, anyway?
See for yourself. You ready?
Holy crap. Phoebe,
are those real?
Oh, where'd you even get those?
Tyler, let's go
for a ride, huh?
(elevator bell dings)
Murtaugh, I'm at your
disposal. I'll do...
Not now, Scorsese.
Tell me you have every uni
awake looking for her.
Yeah, yeah, I've
sent out a BOLO.
I'll be Bailey
and track her phone.
I've also reported your car
as stolen to OnStar.
(phone ringing)
Hey, Trish. Is she there yet?
TRISH:
No. I've called everyone.
Okay, well, breathe.
(phone ringing)
Guys, OnStar.
Hold on.
This is Detective Bowman.
Hi, this is Patty from OnStar.
We have a location
on the stolen vehicle.
Oh, great.
It is stationary,
and we have sent the signal
to block the ignition.
Thank you. They found the car.
It's stationary.
They've sent out the signal
to block the ignition.
Can I get a location
on the vehicle?
TRISH: Roger, what if something
happened? What if she's hurt?
Hey, it's gonna be
all right, okay?
Look, let me call you back.
I don't even know
why I told you.
I should've known
you would freak out.
You have to turn those in.
And say what? Huh?
That I found them?
They'll know that I stole them
and I'll go to jail.
Let me call my dad and...
No, no, no.
The last time I talked
to your dad, I ended up
in a police station.
Phoebe, he can help.
Okay, if you just explain what
happened, he'll understand.
Please, just take me home.
(beeping)
What is going on?
Oh, no, uh, my parents must have
reported the car stolen.
(Phoebe laughs)
No, no, it's great, it's great,
so they just, they just
shut down the car?
Seriously? Look, I'm getting
out of here, but, Ri...
promise you're not
gonna tell your dad.
Okay?
Okay.
(turns key)
(beeping)
(siren wailing)
Yeah, okay.
Yeah, they‐they found the car.
Riana's wallet
was on the front seat.
Riana?
Is she still there?
Let me talk to her.
She was gone before
they got there.
(siren wailing)
(door opens and closes)
Hey!
Where is everybody?
Hey, I didn't know what flavor
he wanted,
so I got one of each.
Thanks. I think
he needs to rest.
But I'll try them.
So how's he doing?
Nose isn't broken,
but he's gonna bruise.
It's crazy, I mean, obviously,
the last thing
I want to do is,
you know, hurt him.
I know that.
He knows that.
But maybe you went
a little overboard,
arresting his coach?
So, most dads don't do
that kind of thing?
Most dads don't have a badge.
Right.
Hey, listen, I know your heart
was in the right place.
You don't have to force it.
You'll figure it out.
Just give it time.
Oh, yeah, sure. You know, I...
Riggs. Hey.
It was an accident.
YOUNG MOLLY:
How bad does it hurt?
It's fine.
Okay, hold still.
(winces)
You can't stay here.
Come to my house.
I can't.
This is my home.
He's gonna kill you, Martin.
It was an accident, Molly.
(car horn honking in distance)
(indistinct conversation)
Riggs.
Yeah?
Riana. You had everyone
in the precinct looking for you.
I screwed up,
I know that, I...
I just... really
need some help.
All right, let's go upstairs
and talk to your dad.
No, no, I can't.
I just... I know
it sounds stupid,
but I made a promise
that I can't tell him.
And I don't even know
how I could face him.
(clears throat)
I want you to listen
to something for me.
MURTAUGH: Riggs. Hey, man,
we tracked down the car,
but Riana wasn't inside.
I'm starting to freak out.
Running out of places to look.
I tried the school,
bowling alley,
zoo, mall, ice rink,
natural history museum.
She used to love
those dinosaur bones.
We used to call...
(beep)
So... I've got, like,
20 more just like that.
He, you know, gets
nostalgic when he panics.
Come on.
It's Riana Rose.
Yeah, just... the picture, yeah.
All right‐‐ well, she looks
a little like her mother.
Dad?
I'll call you back.
I'm so sorry for scaring you.
I never meant to hurt you.
It's okay, I'm just glad
you're all right.
Where the hell were you?
I was worried sick,
my stomach was in a knot.
You know I have IBS.
Dad. Dad.
Phoebe has these diamonds,
I think she stole them
from the house
they broke into.
Where is she?
She's at home.
And...
that's where I crashed
last night.
Okay, call your mother
right now,
and then, you sit here,
until she comes to pick you up.
(elevator bell dings)
(music playing over earbuds)
(phone ringing)
(humming)
Hey, baby.
Hey, Phoebs.
Do you still have
those diamonds with you?
Come see for yourself.
I'm on my way.
Don't go anywhere, okay?
(beeps)
(line clicks, phone beeps)
Good boy.
(chuckles)
(knocking on door)
(phone buzzing)
Baby?
Always look through the
peek hole before you answer.
Anybody else here?
What is going on?
Where are the diamonds, Phoebe?
I don't know what
you're talking about.
Look, we don't have time
for this.
Bad men with guns
are coming to get them back.
Riana told you.
RIGGS:
Well, technically,
she told me first‐‐
which, we can sort
all that out later, first...
(guns clicking)
I was just holding her hand.
I swear.
Is there another
way out of here?
I think she knows of one.
(panting)
(grunts)
Hey.
Phoebe, how are you?
(doorknob rattling)
(quietly):
Come here.
You stay low and quiet.
No, no, please, I'm afraid
of the dark. Please.
You dork, why does
my daughter even like you?
Wait, Riana likes me?
So, uh,
why don't you come on
inside here and let's talk
about what's...
Can't go to jail.
All right, well, I don't think
the, uh, the fire escape
is a viable option, so why don't
you just give me your hand,
Phoebe, and let's come in...
Stay away from me!
(doorknob rattling)
(whispers):
Maybe they left.
(automatic gunfire)
(high‐pitched scream)
(screams)
Oh, my God.
Hey. Phoebe.
Hey, listen to me.
Listen to me.
Everything's gonna be okay.
You stay right out here.
What?
Don't move.
Do not try to get
to that fire escape.
I'll be right back.
No, no, no!
Don't leave,
don't leave!
I'm gonna fall. Oh, my God.
(crying):
Come back, please.
Okay, okay, I'm here.
I'm here, okay?
On the count of three,
I'm gonna pull you in the room.
Okay?
Okay.
All right, three,
two...
Don't rush me!
Okay.
Go at your own pace.
I'm‐I'm here when you're ready.
Um... but the sooner
the better.
All right, Nico!
We done here? Want
to put the gun down?
(gun clicks)
(whimpers)
All right.
Okay. Okay.
Okay.
You ready?
(panting)
(screams)
(grunts)
(shouting)
Pull me up,
please. Please!
Rog!
It's okay, I got this!
(Phoebe screams)
PHOEBE:
Please, please, please, please.
(screams)
Pull me up, please, please.
(grunting)
PHOEBE:
I'm too young to die!
(grunting)
PHOEBE:
Please, please.
Please, I can't die.
(Murtaugh shouts)
Please!
(screams)
(panting)
Grab me. Grab me, please.
All right.
Please, don't let me die.
Don't let me fall.
Come on.
(Phoebe sobbing)
(Riggs grunts)
(crying)
All right.
Take it.
(grunts)
(cartoons playing on TV)
(knocks)
RIGGS:
Hey, bud.
(door closes)
Mind if I join you?
(sighs)
(groans)
How you feeling?
Fine.
Mind if I take a peek?
See the carnage?
Hey.
(quietly):
Ow.
You just got a
little battle scar.
Chicks dig those, man.
So, um...
You know, my‐my dad,
he was a... he was
a pretty rough guy.
You know?
And, um,
he used to hurt me,
when I was a little boy.
So yesterday, when you got hurt,
I mean, that scared me to death.
So, look,
if you want to play baseball,
I'll drive you down there.
If you don't want
to play baseball, that's fine.
Either way, I'm gonna be
right there, by your side.
Okay?
I just want you to be happy.
I think I'll give it
another shot.
Yeah?
Yeah.
All right.
Well, go get your stuff.
But...
what if someone hits me
with the ball again?
Well, you know, I mean,
it's baseball, right?
So, if you get hit in the game
of baseball, it's really not...
(quietly): If you get
beaned more than twice,
you charge the mound.
(chuckles)
All right?
Yeah.
All right.
Oh, hey, hey, don't tell your
mom I said that, though, okay?
All right.
Riana, we both love you.
And after everything
that happened,
we are so glad
that you are okay.
But...
you lied to us,
you broke curfew...
I know what I did, and I'm ready
to accept the consequences.
We're not done.
♪ Like a ghost... ♪
We're upset.
But we're proud.
Proud?
At the end of the day,
you made all
the right decisions.
Mostly.
(laughs softly)
You saved somebody's life,
so you're damn right
we're proud.
So can I go out tonight?
Hmm.
Oh, we're going out.
Yeah.
Mm‐hmm. Date night.
Tonight? What's the occasion?
Mm‐hmm.
Uh, the occasion is:
you're still grounded.
(chuckles)
So you're gonna watch Harper.
So what time can I expect
to see you two home?
(knocking on door)
Hmm.
Why don't you get that?
Yeah.
♪ In the night, ooh ♪
♪ Does she know
that we bleed the same? ♪
Hey, Ri.
I invited him over.
Figured you guys could finish
watching that movie together.
Thanks, Dad.
♪ Did she run away? ♪
Ooh, awkward, awkward, awkward.
(laughing)
Shouldn't we, uh, lay
some ground rules?
Nah.
This kid is scared
of his own shadow.
(yowls)
♪ Come back home... ♪
Dad.
(Trish laughs)
(mouthing)
Good night.
(laughs)
♪ Just come home... ♪
♪ ♪
MOLLY:
So, how'd it go?
Did you win?
BEN:
No.
We lost 12‐1,
but I caught a pop fly.
Whoo!
(laughs)
♪ I got a fear ♪
♪ Oh, in my blood ♪
♪ She ♪
♪ Was carried up ♪
♪ Into the clouds ♪
♪ High above ♪
♪ Ooh... ♪
♪ If you bled ♪
♪ I bleed the same ♪
♪ Ooh ♪
♪ If you're scared,
I'm on my way... ♪
Hey.
What are you waiting for?
♪ Did you run away? ♪
♪ Did you
run away? ♪
♪ I don't need to know ♪
♪ If you ran away... ♪
MOLLY:
Hey, Riggs.
♪ If you ran away,
come back home... ♪
What are you waiting for?
♪ Just come home. ♪
Come on.